So I empty this project I'm back on a very plank project with an empty content in my home page here.
And what I want to start with is the grade which should hold all the content.
So Eddie eyeing CRID component as a rapper then I'll have my own row here and I'll start flying Cullom.
Now in this column I simply want to explain what this app does what the idea behind this app is.
So I will simply add h free tech there where I say entered the right code since this ultimately is the
goal and I'll add a paragraph below where else say tap twice and press 4 times of course.
You can also change your code and therefore your instructions here.
Now if we save this we see that we're generally going in the right direction that we will have a header
and a paragraph here in a second but it's not centered.
If you remember in the last video that was centered Well we can easily center it by adding the text
center helper utility here help or directive to the I call element which contains both the heading and
the paragraph with this if we rebuild our application you see now it's nicely centered.
So that is the first step.
The next step is to add de-list which keeps track of how often we tap and pressed for this I'll add
a new row in my grid year and a new Cullin And inside this column I'll create my list with two items.
The first item will simply hold a paragraph where I say tapped and then I'll put the number of well
tap events your anti-Second I an item in the same list of course will hold a paragraph where I say press
and output times I press this year.
I can already at the properties will need to track those events so I'll add a tap's property which is
Ciro initially and the press property which is zero and let's name all of this.
Let's let's just tapped too.
So now I got my two properties here which tracked the occurrences of those events and then I can output
tapped here and pressed here.
So now I'm outputting those properties while stringin repletion.
If we save this we should now see a list.
Looks good and we see 0 0 so we correctly bind to those properties.
And with that we already used to degrade quite a bit and our iron list though of course it's a very
simple straightforward list here.
Now with this added It's time to work on the reset buttons.
And as I said I want to outsource those buttons into a separate component so that you really practice
that too that you really are aware of that way of working with your application of splitting it up into
multiple components which you should do.
For this I'll add new components folder in the source folder and there I'll add my reset component again.
I'm going to name the full file reset start Kumho and you can omit DL component here if you want.
So I'll name the class year reset component and here you should add the component to really make sure
that everyone understands that this is an angle or two component or used as such.
And we would make it usable as such by adding the component decorator to it.
Of course you then need to import component from at angular core.
Now if this it's time to add a selector to this component so that it can actually embedded in the template
here name it app reset and with the selector added.
I also want to add a template.
I'll use the inline template here.
You could of course also use an external file.
Now how should this template look like.
What do I want to have inside of this template.
If we go back to the home page you'll see that I probably want to include it here below the row holding
the list.
Therefore the template should actually also have in row element.
Because I will use it in a grid.
Right.
So let's add I in row here and in this row we therefore also of course need the iron column.
So let's also add the in call element.
So with that we got a component which you can easily use in an existing grid.
Exactly what we're planning to do now of course if you don't want to use it or if you can put it another
way.
Of course if you want to use it in both grids and non-Brits you should not add that here and instead
add it here and then only include what's left in your component so the part which I'm adding now between
those wrapping grid elements.
So that would make it even more reusable.
But since they only use it integrate here there's nothing wrong with including the grid logic in this
component itself.
So is this what I want to have inside of this component to your ears or in the first column I should
say is of course my button.
So here I want to add a normal button which will add the on button directive to.
I want to make this button read.
So I'll add color danger.
I want to make it small and I want to make it a block element to take up the full width of this column.
With this I added or I created my basic button all split up over multiple lines so that it's a bit easier
to read here.
And I'll give it a caption of reset.
All that of course also means that I should add a listener and I will add a click listener since I want
to listen to all techy events.
If you only wanted to listen to tap's make sure to change just to tap instead.
Here I wouldn't say on reset and that won't pass argument of all this is a string so a string which
says all know if this simply replicates is Cullom here twice so that I also have a column which holds
a button where I will say taps and one where I will say press corps choose any captions you like and
here's a old past tab and hearable per pass press as arguments to the on reset method.
Now this on reset method also needs to be created in the component body of course.
And here we know we will get a string.
So I'll give this argument and name of type and it will be of type string.
So do you reset type will be stored in this argument here and then I want to emit this event because
I don't want to handle it here.
I can't handle it here.
I want to reset my tapped and pressed properties in the home page not in the Reset component.
So I somehow need to get my event from the reset component to the home page.
It should become clearer how that works want to actually include that component.
So let's use our selector preset here and let's edit your home page here.
Remember that our Reset component holds the iron row in and call so we can easily add it to our existing
grid.
Now I added it here and if we now have a look at it in the running application we should already see
the free buttons.
Well not because you forgot one important step of course you always need to add components to AB module.
So here we need to add the reset component to the declarations Airi.
You don't need to add a two entry components because we're using it with selector therefore angler too
will automatically find out that we're about to use it.
And of course you also need to add tipoff the import path at the top.
Now with this if I save it now it should work correctly.
And now you see the free buttons though of course pressing them won't Doucette do anything.
So as I said I want to emit this event.
I want to make sure that when I click a button the Morrisette component this event reaches my home page
and for this I will use a technique angler to use as always in such cases.
I will add my own custom event to the reset component.
I will name it did a reset and this needs to hold an event emitter.
Instantiate a new object of type event emitter and event emitter needs to be imported from at angular
core.
Now this is a generic type that it will actually emit an event with a string dataset with some text
as data.
And with that I can now successfully emit this event here in on reset here.
It will emit dangerous set and this is normal plain vanilla angler to code which you should recognize
and be aware of.
Now here I will simply emit the event type.
So what I am passing here.
Tap press or all and it will simply pass this on to anyone who's listening now in order to enable the
parent component to listen to this event I need to add a decorator in front of it reset and that's d
at output decorator which tells you this property actually is an event and you should be able to listen
to it from a parent components perspective.
So I will add output here as an import.
We need to import it from an angle coord and with this change in place I can go to my home page and
on the app reset selector I can now listen to did reset to my own event.
I just created.
Well and in there I will then now execute on the reset method.
Let's say you can name this method whatever you want to name it and this method now needs to be implemented
on your home page.
So let's add a year to the component body to the typescript file in on reset I will now handle the event
minute by clicking one of my reset buttons.
Now I'm passing event data here in the Reset component.
I'm passing this type string which I'm well passing to a method when I click a button I'm passing it
on by defining it here as the argument for emit and therefore I can't extract it in my home page template
by using Thaller assign event is reserved to word which always gives us the event data of an event.
Therefore I passed as now to on the reset here I know that I get my reset type or whatever you want
to name it which is a string.
Well and with that I can simply add a switch statement where I switch my reset type and where I now
handle the case deaded is let's say tap here when they click the reset taps button.
So now I handle the case that it's tap like this.
And in this case I want to say this tapped and set it backwards euro and the break of course that I
also have the case that it's Press.
This is this button here.
And if it is a press event.
Well in this case I want to set press back to zero and break or for any abrogates.
I will define a default where I simply set tapped to 0 and pressed to zero like this and with this I
have my recept logic in place.
I am able to listen to those button clicks and then change something in my home page.
Now we won't be able to see the action though because resetting those properties to zero is nice but
we don't even have a way of incrementing them.
So let's now add this final piece you're the listeners for tap and press events.
So back in my home page template here below my app reset component I'll add a new row and a new column
in this role of course and this column should actually hold my tapping area.
I'll add a inline style here.
You could of course all the add your own class but all I want to do here is I want to quickly set the
color to light green.
That's why I used inline style.
I want to center the text.
Let me wrap this over multiple lines now and I want to listen to the most important part to a tab and
then execute you on tab methods.
So here I'll say tab here and then I'm going to duplicate this whole column.
Notice that I register detat event on the column itself does of course is possible since this is a normal
component in the end and all on the second column all change the Tapi Ventoux press event and say on
press and simply say press here as text inside of this column.
Well with that we need to implement on tap and on press.
So let's go back to our component body and implement own on tap.
And then also the IT ON press and in on tap I will simply use Konsole locked is tapped so that we can
see that it happened in the console too.
And then I will say this tabbed plus plus two incremented by one and in on press I will say console
log pressed and then you guessed it I will increment pressed by one like this.
Now with that in place if I safeties and go back to the application I can now tap this and you'll see
the counter go up there as well as the console log.
I can reset taps this works correctly.
I can recite all.
Now that's a long press year.
Looks good too.
I can reset all and I can reset just the presses.
So with that we got a working application.
Well almost.
We're not showing the you one text up there so let's add this final piece and this is of course the
super easy to add.
I will use the following approach but there are other approaches of course too.
I will simply add a method did win which simply returns this tapped equals to.
Remember that was our condition tap twice press four times and this preste equals four.
This should of course also have two equal signs here.
So if I am returning this boolean check here where I check if this tap is true and this press for if
this is the case it returns true.
Otherwise this method returns false.
Therefore this method is a good candidate.
Your onli paragraph to add NGF and check if we did and win in which case I want to show the instructions
or on a second paragraph I simply duplicated this one.
I will change this to date wins.
Now if this returns true in which case I would say you won.
And of course there are other ways of implementing this too.
Now with this in place if we saved us and let it recompile and we tap twice and then press four times
down there we should see you one and once said we're back to the instructions.
So this is my solution to this assignment.
And chances are high that you got a different way of doing this.
And that's perfectly fine.
There is no single correct way.
I just wanted to show you a possible approach especially the part where we outsource these patents into
an extra component with D at output event here might be interesting.
But of course your approach might be perfectly fine and working too.
It's an exercise to see different approaches in the end right.
So if data I hope you feel comfortable using those types of components and working with components ionic
two components and normal components or your own components I should say in ionic too.
Let's now move onto the next section where we will actually learn how to run our app on the real device.